Incremental backup support (#81606)
openshift/openshift-docs: snippets/oadp-incremental-backup-support-snippet.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

:_mod-docs-content-type: SNIPPET

[NOTE]
====
{oadp-short} supports incremental backups of `block` and `Filesystem` persistent volumes for both containerized, and {VirtProductName} workloads. 

For containerized workloads, you can perform incremental backups by using the {oadp-short} file system backup, Container Storage Interface (CSI), or CSI Data Mover.

> For {VirtProductName} workloads, you can perform incremental backups by using either CSI, or CSI Data Mover. CSI Data Mover backups use Kopia's splitter and hashing features  to incrementally backup a virtual machine to an off-cluster storage location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For {VirtProductName} workloads, you can perform incremental backups by using either CSI, or CSI Data Mover. CSI Data Mover backups use Kopia's splitter and hashing features  to incrementally back up a virtual machine to an off-cluster storage location.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

:_mod-docs-content-type: SNIPPET

[NOTE]
====
{oadp-short} supports incremental backups of `block` and `Filesystem` persistent volumes for both containerized, and {VirtProductName} workloads. 

For `block` volumes, you can use the Container Storage Interface (CSI) Data Mover to perform incremental backups. File system backup is not supported for `block` volumes.

> For `Filesystem` volumes, you can use {oadp-short} file system backup, Container Storage Interface (CSI), or CSI Data Mover for incremental backups. 

Reviewer 2: I think we should remove the filesystem backup word from here as it's not supported.  

```suggestion
For `Filesystem` volumes, you can use {oadp-short} Container Storage Interface (CSI), or CSI Data Mover for incremental backups. 
```
